Software Evaluation Agreement

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THEM, 
YOU SHOULD NOT DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR COMPUTER.  LOADING OF THE 
SOFTWARE ONTO A COMPUTER INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS:

Any software program loaded onto your computer from this site (the "Software") 
is temporarily licensed (not sold or given) to you only for evaluation use under 
the terms of this Agreement; and GLOBEtrotter Software, Inc. ("GLOBEtrotter"), 
or its licensor, retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Software 
and related documentation (and any copy thereof).  

LICENSE:  You may use the Software (at the location to which the Software is 
downloaded) for evaluation purposes only.  It is expressly agreed that you will 
not use the Software (or any portion thereof) to develop, or to assist others to 
develop, software programs whose purpose is software license or software asset 
management.  Any portion of the Software merged into other software will 
continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

RESTRICTIONS:  Reproduction, disclosure, reverse engineering, disassembly, 
modification, use for any purpose other than evaluation, and/or distribution by 
any means of the Software are prohibited, except as provided for in this 
Agreement or pursuant to a license from GLOBEtrotter.  Any attempt to transfer 
any of the rights or obligations hereunder is void.  You may not rent, 
lease, loan or resell the Software.  No product downloaded from this site may be 
used in any product which has as its primary purpose license or software asset 
management.

TERM: This Agreement is effective until: (a) the license keys temporarily 
provided to you by GLOBEtrotter expire, (b) you acquire a regular license from 
GLOBEtrotter, or (c) the Agreement is terminated as further provided below.  You 
may terminate it at any time by destroying and disposing of the Software 
together with all copies and merged portions in any form.  This Agreement will 
immediately and automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply 
with any term or condition of this Agreement.  You agree upon termination to 
promptly destroy the Software together with all copies and merged portions in 
any form.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ONLY FOR EVALUATION PURPOSES ON AN 
"AS IS" BASIS.  GLOBETROTTER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IN NO EVENT WILL GLOBETROTTER BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR DATA, OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY DATA 
SUPPLIED THEREWITH, EVEN IF GLOBETROTTER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY.  In no case will 
GLOBEtrotter's liability for damages hereunder exceed fifty dollars (US $50).

EXPORT LAW ASSURANCES:  None of the Software or underlying information or 
technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported (i) into (or to 
a national or resident of ) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Rwanda, Sudan, 
Syria, or into any country to which the United States has embargoed goods, or 
(ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's List of Specially Designated 
Nationals or on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders.  By 
downloading or using the Software, you are agreeing to the foregoing and you are 
representing and warranting that you are not located in, under the 
control of, or a national or resident of any such country, or on any such list.

FOR USERS IN A U.S. GOVERNMENT AGENCY:  The Software is provided with Restricted 
Rights. RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the 
Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of 
the Rights in Technical Data and computer Software Clause at DFARS 52.227-7013 
or subparagraphs (c)(1) an d(2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted 
Rights Clause at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.  Manufacturer is GLOBEtrotter 
Software, Inc., 1530 Meridian Ave., San Jose, CA  95125.

GENERAL: This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California, 
USA, except for the body of law dealing with conflicts of law and the United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the Sale of Goods.  If any provision of this 
Agreement is held to be unenforceable, that provision will be removed and the 
remaining provision will remain in full force.

For International Users: This Agreement has been written in the English 
language.  By loading the Software you waive any rights you may have under the 
law of your country to have this Agreement written in the language of that 
country.

Should you have any questions concerning this Agreement, you may contact 
GLOBEtrotter at webmaster@globes.com or via telephone at (408) 445-8100.

COPYRIGHT 1998 by GLOBEtrotter Software, Inc.   All Rights Reserved.
1998.9.10.generic.eval.clickwrap
